yeah I mean I think he forgot about deaf
tomahto back in na so yeah we hoped his
ass it's the second day of the summer
split and already we've seen the
greatest upset in LCS history I think I
can't think of anything greater than the
gold Guardians being team like no let me
really quickly say coverage presented by
Omni slash before I introduce deftly and
hunter for the Father's Day interview
that we're doing here it's going
Guardians yeah so golden garnished the
speech team liquid in like what 21
minutes did you think that that could
happen honestly I thought that would
happen against optic not against Team
Liquid so coming into this game I
definitely was not as confident as like
we were a day one since we lost optic
but yeah I'm we got the job we wanted so
things worked out under very different
start to this split than last split you
guys had I think six or seven losses
before you won one this is number two
what what is different why were you guys
able to win so early the split yes I
think the key last split we we played
optic and loss and then played Team
Liquid the next day and won and we just
got that much earlier in the schedule
this split so I shot out to riot for
giving us just the schedule we needed to
get this to get the split started right
in all seriousness I think you know we
were the first team back from break and
I've been really putting in extra effort
and these guys are working incredibly
hard even in a really difficult meta
which is pushing everybody and I think a
part of that really contributed to kind
of hitting the ground running right at
the start of the split now you you guys
are in a difficult meta it's a very
strange one how's it been affecting you
definitely because I've heard a lot of
people say that veterans love this meta
because they get to play something
different than what they've been doing
for the past several years and the newer
guys hate it because you're just getting
your grant your feet underneath you so
how are you enjoying it honestly it's
been very rough for me since and so look
you have a really bad habit of just when
I get all two Auto fields or any role
other than ad carry I hit the excellent
top right hand corner since like I'm
like I'm here to practice ad carry now
my other roles so my expertise on those
champions I'm like when we first started
scrims was really low so I put in like a
lot of extra time and practice and I
think as of now I
Sam confidently like pretty good up
those champs even though I didn't play
one today but yeah it was definitely
really rough for me one of my favorite
questions asked during a upset interview
is how much of your win today was
because you guys and how much of it was
because Team Liquid may be screwed up as
crucial moments or made bad decisions
well I think team woods baleen made it
pretty easy for us to get the dive off
level 3 or level 2 since they tried
pushing the wave when we're invading so
we can just wrap around on them and they
can't play the game so but I think if
they played it a little smarter early
game then the game definitely would have
been a lot harder to like take the Team
Liquid ad carry has sort of made himself
aligned recently where he he talked
about how he went from playing in Susie
to coming back to play against North
American ad carry's but you guys were
able to take him down today does that
feel significant to you do you like kind
of showing him up yeah I mean I think he
forgot about destin mata back in na so
yeah we whooped his ass okay there you
go there you go hunter what what is this
are you guys is this setting the new
standard for golden Guardians are we
gonna expect to see these types of games
coming out in the summer split I hope so
I sit on the way in like I think the
path to playoffs this split is not
necessarily more wins over the top teams
you know we beat Team Liquid last split
it's more wins over the bottom teams and
you know as I look at the rest of
schedule get another game against optic
fly quest some other teams that are
gonna struggle those are the games that
I think are gonna make the difference as
we push to the top I think we we've
always shown at these high points what
we're capable of it's about finding
consistency in some of those other games
and this is obviously a great start and
something I think we can build on as we
go into next week and the weeks beyond
for that that clutch strategy of just
creating the line and not losing to the
bottom teams for sure I think I think
that's like when you look at what
successful teams do over the long run
right like they win the games they
should and occasionally they they sort
of punch above their weight that's
that's the team that we want to be this
split definitely what what has the
offseason been like for you because
hunter mentioned you guys have been
practicing a lot I heard you went to
Korea and then you started hurting like
you felt unhealthy so then you started
running I saw this in a video oh yeah
you can check it out on our YouTube
but yeah over I didn't really get myself
in offseason since me as a person I get
really anxious when I'm not practicing
and I'm like working hard so I went to
Korea and practiced a lot I went with
like the cotton-eyed Academy guys at
that time but now they're the starters
so I went with like Keith Basel and
smoothie and we just like thought about
bot lanes what to practice and we
switched around our duo cues and yeah we
just worked really hard there and it was
fun and hard work did you go to Korea
and you're like I'm going to master all
these marksmen by the end of this I'll
be ready I'll be the best marks wood
player that ALCS actually it was pretty
funny I remember hunter asking me for
like my goals on what I'm gonna do I in
Korea what I want like what are my goals
and I told them I want to master Ezreal
I don't like play it really solidly and
I come back and everyone's playing brand
mordekaiser and all this random and
I'm like what I do it's like you land in
a crate from Korea and you just walk
into the LCS and people are picking
random you're like what no well how
how was your time in Korea and how did
also kind of because we've seen
supposedly the cloud9 guys from academy
are playing better now than the starters
from the other team do you do you feel
like that whole trip was good for all
you guys maybe you can talk to me
holistically about what the trip was
like for you guys and the cloud nine
Academy folks so the moment we like
arrived in our Airbnb we all got our
computers set up and started playing
like I remember me and somebody do it
until like 5 a.m. that night woke up at
10 a.m. the next morning and played
until like 3:00 a.m. at night and that
was our that was our daily lifestyle for
good three weeks or so and so like all
of us got pretty burnt out we were like
oh we hate so like you man there's so
many dirty enters and so after three
weeks or so we kind of took some time
off and got to enjoy Korea we went like
sightseeing ate good food and really got
to see like the country Hunter at the
end of the split last spring's plate
there was kind of this perception the
the audience loved to kind of just make
fun of golden Guardians right like they
they'd kind of come become like a bit of
a joke right and the The Immortals died
for this meme came out frequently for
golden Guardians what are you hoping for
the image to be
you have golden Guardians at the end of
this play I mean I say we're gonna make
a ho strong push for playoffs and I
think that's gonna make a big difference
also I think like we have a great group
of guys that are fun and as we bring a
lot more content on board I think people
are gonna see the kind of lighter side
of the house and of this group of people
and I hope that that really shines
through I think like our guys are
relatively light hearted they're trying
to have a lot of fun and they're sort of
they're sort of good kids and I think
that I think that's gonna come through
and I think as a perception of us maybe
improves just as we win more I hope that
people find a really enjoyable team
that's easy to root for definitely would
you describe yourself as a good kid
probably not with honey sometimes me in
him getting some quarrels really but we
got over a little bump but I think it's
pretty funny how the fans look down on
us and stuff because I remember last but
there's a time where we ourselves are
calling each other that golden garbage
cans but I think we're over that I think
we're like the Platinum garbage cans for
now I'll slowly get the Challenger
getting there yeah getting there very
good anything that I'll go one and then
the other anything you guys want to say
to any of the fans out there well since
his father's day I like to tell my dad
happy Father's Day and oh yeah I also
that other dad and especially big shout
out to all my friends that came to visit
me they came all the way from Texas just
to come watch me play and I'm glad we
could come out with the win
you know just to thank you to the fans
as always and for the two people who
tweeted they'd be buying jerseys I
expect to see pictures of the jerseys
you bought so you have to pay up now by
the way these new jackets are actually
pretty cool like I'm not trying to plug
anything here but actually like there's
like what can you pull out the pocket I
don't know if this is in the frame where
can they buy it yeah this is matt from
golden guardians how's it going hi guys
did you you just wanted an intro yep do
you have anything you want to say to
anybody out there
well happy to have you is this a new hat
that's you can't buy this one it's a
prototype but send feedback and then
that's just a warrior's hat I think the
Warriors head yeah do you guys all like
to you guys do did you guys get to
celebrate at all with the Warriors for
their win sadly not we're busy
practicing but we did get to go watch
them play in the semifinals yeah we they
played against the Houston Rockets I
think we went to Game three
oh no Game three Game three I'm dying
here I did was there wind significant to
you guys did you feel that it impact you
at all well I mean they usually always
win so I think that's like pretty normal
and hopefully we can we can be like that
too eventually well thank you guys so
much for the interview
Congrats on the new jacket Congrats on
the win too team against team like win
looking forward to seeing how you guys
do the rest of the split for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel look that
interviews done I don't need slash
supported it that's really cool
appreciate those guys a lot you know
what I would appreciate there's a twitch
link in the description it's twitch link
in the description it's my twitch
channel try to grow that you might have
already subscribed to my youtube channel
but go hit that link and then follow me
there by the way I take your Amazon
Prime's too if you're interested that
but go follow me on Twitch so that you
can check out some of the new live
coverage and cool stuff that I'm trying
to do over there as well
and again thanks so much to a massage
that was really really nice to them